Replace nginx with istio (#4205)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/application-connector/charts/connectivity-certs-controller/README.md

You can set the following parameters in the Connectivity Certs Controller chart:
- **appName** - Name of the Controller used during registration. The default value is `connectivity-certs-controller`.
- **namespace** - Namespace in which the Controller creates the Secrets that store certificates. The default Namespace is `kyma-integration`.

> - **clusterCertificatesSecret** - Namespace and Name of the Secret which stores the client certificate and key in the format `Namespace/Name`. The default name is `kyma-integration/cluster-client-certificates`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **clusterCertificatesSecret** - Namespace and the name of the Secret which stores the client certificate and key. Requires in the `Namespace/secret name` format. The default value is `kyma-integration/cluster-client-certificates`.
```

> - **caCertificatesSecret** - Namespace and Name of the Secret which stores the CA certificate in the format `Namespace/Name`. The default name is `istio-system/application-connector-ca-certs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **caCertificatesSecret** - Namespace and the name of the Secret which stores the client certificate and key. Requires the `Namespace/secret name` format. The default value is `istio-system/application-connector-ca-certs`.
```

Author: Changed it to `- **caCertificatesSecret** - Namespace and the name of the Secret which stores the CA certificate. Requires the `Namespace/secret name` format. The default value is `istio-system/application-connector-ca-certs`.` as it does store CA certificate, not the client one.
